hello guys just lesson or helpful
tutorial for units treaty so Damon start
with making a video about multiplayer
and well let in the last video we
learned how to make a multiplayer would
direct connect I'm now going to show you
guys for a sec how to add a disconnect
because that didn't work last time I
left out so it's pretty easy if you can
see you're standing disconnect level and
it stands loader by default if you want
to have something else but I'm just
gonna leave it uploader that's this
scene and empty scene and then you just
need to add it you would file both
settings i need to add it to your seeds
in both I now I'm that's all I'm
disconnect will work fine okay but if
some of you already test in the
multiplayer or network you will notice
that it didn't work it's pretty easy to
solve if you connect now to the server
the only work if you're on the same
network if your other networks it won't
work now I'm not going to let it work so
basically are we go to what's my IP dub
orc and then you're all standing your IP
address now just track your IP dress
copy and paste and press enter
this will take a while with the most of
you guys because this is slow website
and this is your router not actually on
the website of your router if it not is
with if you're not it's not look the
same like with me is because you have
another router on me so that's now all
it's not too bad so just look somewhere
on this website or must stand somewhere
land servers what meets with the
advanced settings and there should be
lying servers just find it on this
website and click on it and they won't
notice there are a lot of things I just
create a new one just create button a
server name a tus name for server Oh
what me that was getting my gas I can
guess it was me
yes it was game on a server sue is
server just sir for type at the exact
same way as he died it into your project
or I don't know if that matters I don't
think it matters sorry I don't think it
matters and then we were standing public
starboard I'm truly can't afford I'm
going to take a loo and if you can see
their server port and it is 2500 2 i'm
going to type that 2500 2 if there's no
star to know and port they will all do
all the same so just type again the same
land board that's because your land just
saving it ok now you need to enter your
local IP that's IP if your computer not
in what's your my IP at work IP but
that's another one so you go to your
start icon and you type in c c and d
normally you should open this and then
dive IP gone just like that and then
there will pop off a lot of things and
just go up and our little stand IP v4
adverts and this is the IP you want this
one and you just type it in we're gonna
die 92
68 I guess I 6868 14 and then well there
will be at phone access activator you
leave in a yes and they're little askew
TCP and we'll leave that as well and
then hit apply and again it will take a
while with most of you guys it's stuff
and we're going to create another one
call it sir Fleur server to I'm just
type exact same board exact same again
sex same bored and again your local IP
address
just do this and this okay and now you
change the DCP into you DP and hit apply
you will have to do this once a month I
guess I think across 12 months or we'll
meet one once one my local ip's changes
once a month in it it has been changed
it won't automatically change here ah so
you have to fix that mmm so yeah that
was it that just goes to solve and you
just check your ah if everything's all
right normally if you shoot now try it
on different networks it should work if
it doesn't work you can leave comment
and i will be happy to help you if you
don't find the land server on your
website leave comment and i will help
you just a few have any troubles i will
help you so it just leave a comment I
don't forget to subscribe and thumbs up
bye